OSDOCS#9555: Refactor of pre-installation tasks for a UPI installation (#71164)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_vsphere/upi/upi-vsphere-preparing-to-install.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="upi-vsphere-preparing-to-install"]
= Preparing to install a cluster using user-provisioned infrastructure
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: upi-vsphere-preparing-to-install

toc::[]

> You prepare to install an {product-title} on vSphere by:

Reviewer: Question: should you use an article if you're just saying "OCP" and not "OCP cluster"? If not, I'd either remove the article like this:
```suggestion
You prepare to install {product-title} on vSphere by:
```

Or add "cluster" like this:
```suggestion
You prepare to install an {product-title} cluster on vSphere by:
```

> You prepare to install an {product-title} on vSphere by:

Reviewer: Also, per the [ISG](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-lists#lead-in-wording) we should avoid introducing lists with incomplete sentences, and instead use full sentences (seems like it's a translation thing):
```suggestion
You prepare to install an {product-title} on vSphere by performing the following actions:
```

However you'd prefer to complete the sentence is up to you, the suggestion is just one way to do it.

* Downloading the installation program.
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you are installing in a restricted network, you extract the installation program from the mirrored content. For more information, see xref:../../../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-installation-images.adoc#installing-mirroring-installation-images[Mirroring images for a disconnected installation].

Reviewer: I know that the install content uses "restricted network" a lot, but just an FYI that our [term glossary prefers the term "disconnected environment"](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#disconnected). Up to you if you want to be consistent with the install docs vs the term glossary:

```suggestion
If you are installing in a disconnected environment, you extract the installation program from the mirrored content. For more information, see xref:../../../installing/disconnected_install/installing-mirroring-installation-images.adoc#installing-mirroring-installation-images[Mirroring images for a disconnected installation].
```

====
* Installing the {oc-first}.
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you are installing in a restricted network, install `oc` to the mirror host.

Reviewer: Ditto about the "disconnected environment" term. Again, up to you:
```suggestion
If you are installing in a disconnected environment, install `oc` to the mirror host.
```
